Replace Discord with Discourse (#560)
apollographql/apollo-ios-dev: docs/source/tutorial/tutorial-subscriptions.mdx

- Working with [custom scalars](/ios/custom-scalars)
- [Caching](/ios/caching/introduction)

> Feel free to ask questions by [Apollo's Community Forum](http://community.apollographql.com/new-topic?category=Help&tags=mobile,client).

Author: oh whoops, yup--went too quickly!

```suggestion
Feel free to ask questions in [Apollo's Community Forum](http://community.apollographql.com/new-topic?category=Help&tags=mobile,client).
```

> Feel free to ask questions by [joining the Apollo GraphQL Forum](http://community.apollographql.com/new-topic?category=Help&tags=mobile,client).

Author: ```suggestion
Feel free to ask questions by [Apollo's Community Forum](http://community.apollographql.com/new-topic?category=Help&tags=mobile,client).
```
